Zhu Chen Ge
Do you see who they are now?
This vain woman is not worthy of your love
Wake up!
Do you really want to know who loves you?
Of course, Chu Chen, I know you
That's not you.
What's up?
If we were together, he would die
What?
The more money you spend, the more money you spend, you know?
Just spoil me
Once found, a thousand arrows will pierce the heart
Only then will you be completely disappointed in me
I can save him, you understand?
Brother Jiang
Xiaoxu, I blamed you wrong
Brother Jiujiu, it turns out that you love me because you love me
Pretending to treat me like this
I should have known better
Light Snow
How can I be willing to leave you?
Light Snow Light Snow
Your wallet was suddenly sent by mistake.
Thanks just right
Anyway.
I will never leave you
You're dead at this rate.
Promise me that no matter what difficulties you encounter
We both face it together
Go out go out
Go out and take to the hospital quickly
We checked the patient
He's okay.
Just take a few days off.
Light Snow
For you and our unborn child
I'm really leaving
Sorry.
I can't keep the promise between us